with version stable 3.02.02
with info    good 20130428
with base    tesseract-ocr
with elect   tesseract-ocr.afr
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ara
with elect   tesseract-ocr.aze
with elect   tesseract-ocr.bel
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ben
with elect   tesseract-ocr.bul
with elect   tesseract-ocr.cat
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ces
with elect   tesseract-ocr.chi_sim
with elect   tesseract-ocr.chi_tra
with elect   tesseract-ocr.chr
with elect   tesseract-ocr.dan
with elect   tesseract-ocr.deu
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ell
with elect   tesseract-ocr.eng
with elect   tesseract-ocr.enm
with elect   tesseract-ocr.epo
with elect   tesseract-ocr.epo_alt
with elect   tesseract-ocr.equ
with elect   tesseract-ocr.est
with elect   tesseract-ocr.eus
with elect   tesseract-ocr.fin
with elect   tesseract-ocr.fra
with elect   tesseract-ocr.frk
with elect   tesseract-ocr.frm
with elect   tesseract-ocr.glg
with elect   tesseract-ocr.grc
with elect   tesseract-ocr.heb
with elect   tesseract-ocr.hin
with elect   tesseract-ocr.hrv
with elect   tesseract-ocr.hun
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ind
with elect   tesseract-ocr.isl
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ita
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ita_old
with elect   tesseract-ocr.jpn
with elect   tesseract-ocr.kan
with elect   tesseract-ocr.kor
with elect   tesseract-ocr.lav
with elect   tesseract-ocr.lit
with elect   tesseract-ocr.mal
with elect   tesseract-ocr.mkd
with elect   tesseract-ocr.mlt
with elect   tesseract-ocr.msa
with elect   tesseract-ocr.nld
with elect   tesseract-ocr.nor
with elect   tesseract-ocr.pol
with elect   tesseract-ocr.por
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ron
with elect   tesseract-ocr.rus
with elect   tesseract-ocr.slk
with elect   tesseract-ocr.slv
with elect   tesseract-ocr.spa
with elect   tesseract-ocr.spa_old
with elect   tesseract-ocr.sqi
with elect   tesseract-ocr.srp
with elect   tesseract-ocr.swa
with elect   tesseract-ocr.swe
with elect   tesseract-ocr.tam
with elect   tesseract-ocr.tel
with elect   tesseract-ocr.tgl
with elect   tesseract-ocr.tha
with elect   tesseract-ocr.tur
with elect   tesseract-ocr.ukr
with elect   tesseract-ocr.vie
with trait   profile
with role    graphic/scan
with info    home http://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr
with info    vurl http://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr/downloads/list
with info    cite 'one of the 3 engines in the 1995 UNLV Accuracy test
it is currently one of the most accurate open source OCR engine available'
